Dear Liz,

I Hope You are doing well. Please read all these instruction carefully to prevent errors.

Thank You

Best Regards,
Kaleem Arshad

IDE to Install:
I recommend you to install Pycharm IDE with Python version >3.8

Modules to Install:
> Selenium (To Install it write: pip install selenium, in Pycharm's terminal)
> Itertools (pip install itertools)
> Pandas (pip install pandas)
> Explicit (pip install explicit)
> Bs4 (pip install bs4)

Other thing to install:
> Chrome Web Driver(its version will be same as your chrome browser)

Now, First Open the Url_Scraper.py file of Instagram_Scraper and follow these steps:
1) On line number 60 in the file, write the path to your chromedriver.exe e.g 'C:/WebDrivers/chromedriver.exe'

2) On line number 17 and 24 write you email and password of Instagram respectively.

3) On line number 59 write the urls of the profiles(you want the members data of) between []e.g ['yeahbabygoods', 'bboxforkids', 'babycenter', 'babylist', 'bybrittanynoonan', 'takingcarababies', 'mumsgrapevine', 'solidstarts', 'feedinglittles'], You can copy paste this to.

4) Now run this file(click on green play button), A chrome window will be open and After this the Program will Automatically start Scraping members profiles, it can take a time to scrape all, it will not disturb you. You can do your own stuff while it is running in the background(minimized).

5) After it is Done Successfully, You will see a href_list.csv file in the folder, open it and remove the first line containg (links) word in it.

6) Save all the things and close them.

7) Open Instagram.py file and on line 17 and 24 write your email and password of Instagram respectively.

8) on line 133 write the path to the folder where you want to save the data between "".

9) On line 160 and 153 write the paths to ChromeDriver.exe and href_list.csv respectively.

10) Run the file, A chrome Window will be open and the program will start scraping data.

11) After this go to the folder where your data will be saved and watch it or you can also do your other tasks.

--------------ITS ALL DONE THANK YOU FOR READING IF YOU HAVE PROBLE OR QUESTION, I AM HERE FOR YOU :)----------------